Data/Optimization consolidation (#6369)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/caching.md

## Caching libraries
{: #caching-libraries }

> If a job fetches data at any point, it is likely that you can make use of caching. The most important dependencies to cache during a job are the libraries on which your project depends. For example, cache the libraries that are installed with `pip` in Python or `npm` for Node.js. The various language dependency managers, for example `npm` or `pip`, each have their own paths where dependencies are installed. See our Language guides and [demo projects](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/demo-apps/) for the specifics for your stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a job fetches data at any point, it is likely that you can make use of caching. The most important dependencies to cache during a job are the libraries on which your project depends. For example, cache the libraries that are installed with `pip` in Python or `npm` for Node.js. The various language dependency managers, for example `npm` or `pip`, each have their own paths where dependencies are installed. See our Language guides and [demo projects]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/demo-apps/) for the specifics for your stack.
```

          command: |
            python3 -m venv venv
            . venv/bin/activate
            pip install -r requirements.txt
      - save_cache: # ** special step to save dependency cache **
          key: deps1-{{ .Branch }}-{{ checksum "requirements.txt" }}
          paths:
            - "venv"
```
{% endraw %}

{:.tab.dependencies.Server_2}
{% raw %}
```yaml
version: 2
jobs:
  build:
    steps: # a collection of executable commands making up the 'build' job
      - checkout # pulls source code to the working directory
      - restore_cache: # **restores saved dependency cache if the Branch key template or requirements.txt files have not changed since the previous run**
          key: deps1-{{ .Branch }}-{{ checksum "requirements.txt" }}
      - run: # install and activate virtual environment with pip
          command: |
            python3 -m venv venv
            . venv/bin/activate
            pip install -r requirements.txt
      - save_cache: # ** special step to save dependency cache **
          key: deps1-{{ .Branch }}-{{ checksum "requirements.txt" }}
          paths:
            - "venv"
```
{% endraw %}

> Make note of the use of a `checksum` in the cache `key`; this is used to calculate when a specific dependency-management file (such as a `package.json` or `requirements.txt` in this case) _changes_ and so the cache will be updated accordingly. In the above example, the

Reviewer 2: We avoid using semicolons to keep things as simple as possible. Can use a new sentence or "Note: the cache `key` uses a `checksum` to calculate when a...." or something?

The following example demonstrates how to use `restore_cache` and `save_cache`, together with templates and keys in your `.circleci/config.yml` file.

> This example uses a _very_ specific cache key. Making your caching key more specific gives you greater control over which branch or commit dependencies are saved to a cache. However, it is important be aware that this can **significantly increase** your storage usage. For tips on optimizing your caching strategy, see the [Caching Strategies]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/caching-strategy) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses a _very_ specific cache key. Making your caching key more specific gives you greater control over which branch or commit dependencies are saved to a cache. However, it is important to be aware that this can **significantly increase** your storage usage. For tips on optimizing your caching strategy, see the [Caching Strategies]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/caching-strategy) page.
```
Or, could also skip "it is important" altogether; something along those lines
